Link to Quick Start in README (#15)
8090-inc/xrx-core: README.md

Build apps with "any modality input (x), reasoning (R), any modality output (x)." 

> > **Quick Start.**  We walk through the steps to get the xRx system up and running [here](https://8090-inc.github.io/xrx-core/).

Reviewer: @arjun-krishna1: This is a good change; thank you! However, I would suggest moving it after "## Introduction", and make it a H2 with "## Quick Start" heading.

Author: Thank you @sabbyanandan , updated!

We believe that the future of software interactions lies in multimodal experiences, and xRx is at the forefront of this movement. It enables developers to build sophisticated AI systems that seamlessly integrate various input and output modalities, providing users with a truly immersive experience.

## Quick Start

> We walk through the steps to get the xRx system up and running [here](https://8090-inc.github.io/xrx-core/docs/quickstart).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get the xRx system up and running, follow our comprehensive [quickstart guide](https://8090-inc.github.io/xrx-core/docs/quickstart).
```

Author: Looks good!

Author: @sabbyanandan looks good!

Author: Updated
